When working on question 1 it was fairly simple to figure out. It is just a
for loop that returns start, the variable we are looking for, when it first
find it. The idea wasn't hard. But when implementing it with regular auto i = start in the for loop, for some reason my code wouldn't compile. I had to got to tutoring with Blake who helped me fix and write it as is in the file.

Question 2 part 1 I also got help from Blake with, the big 5 were very straight forward as we just had to default all of the functions. The sequence map constructor I still have trouble remembering how to deal with the this. operators in order to deal with the current object I am working with and rhs. operators. I think that I know them better now but I still don't exactly know when or where to use them, like the context. The overload operators were fairly easy to make, but part 2 is where the project got super challenging for me.

For 2a the actual reading in of the file was easy, it reminding me of several projects from 235 where we always have to do this and then use a stringstream in order to get parts of the each line and store them into variables.
Also, making the sequence map object was easy because the pseudocode provided was almost actual code for what we had to do.
That being said the instructions for querying the tree were very confusing. To put it simply, I spent about half of a day in total trying to figure out what the instructions from here on out were trying to tell me. But after consulting with some other classmates in the lab I learned what I had to do and proceeded to edit the merge func in avl tree and in query add the user input so the program can be run from the terminal.

2b took me a couple of days to complete because I didn't know how depth of trees and path lengths work. This is on me. The first two tasks were simple, and my tree count function was not originally recursive as once again I didn't know what I was supposed to on trees. Another lab session helped me on this and I realized that all of my helper functions from here on out had to be recursive for both run time and because I honestly didn't know another way to do them. And I mean most of my helpers deal with returning sums with is also very simple with recursion. I used the C++ documentation heavily in this part of the project to learn abut the math.h file which i got the log func from and also to refresh on passing by reference (which i use in a couple of helpers) and refresh on nodes. A lot of my mistakes were in calculations rather than code here. I also didn't realize I had to make 3 different avl tree files until a while later because that wasn't stated until the last page of the pdf - not very good placement. I was going mad because my stuff worked locally but not on gradescope and have a bunch of submisssions because of it.
